= rsolr-direct
rsolr-direct enhances the RSolr core library by adding the ability to connect to Solr directly, using JRuby, sans http. Hotdog!

= How
Check out the specs to see the various connection methods.

== Solr Java libs/jars
You'll need to make sure you have the proper jars loaded. Use RSolr::Direct #load_java_libs for this if you'd like:
  require 'rsolr-direct'
  RSolr::Direct.load_java_libs "path/to/solr/distribution"
  # create connection etc..

The path/to/solr/distribution should be a directory containing "lib" and "dist" -- a typical solr download will do.

==:solr_home
  require 'rsolr-direct'
  connection = RSolr.direct_connect(
    :solr_home => '/absolute/path/to/solr/home',
    :data_dir => "/optional/path/to/data/dir")
  
==Java::OrgApacheSolrCore::SolrCore
  require 'rsolr-direct'
  core = org.apache.solr.core.SolrCore.new(nil, solr_data_path, solr_config, index_schema, dcore)
  connection = RSolr.direct_connect core

==Java::OrgApacheSolrServlet::DirectSolrConnection
  require 'rsolr-direct'
  dc = org.apache.solr.servlet.DirectSolrConnection.new(solr_home_path, solr_data_path, solr_log_path)
  connection = RSolr.direct_connect dc

= Why
Using a direct connection to Solr can speed up indexing. How much faster? This document says ~ 50% => http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrPerformanceFactors#Embedded_vs_HTTP_Post

= Testing
Clone it, cd into the project dir and run:
  jruby -S rake spec

* note, rspec 1.3 is required.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Matt Mitchell. See LICENSE for details.